Information about the available actions of SFMC destination. (#5234)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-salesforce-marketing-cloud/index.md

{% include components/actions-fields.html settings="true"%}

> >info ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info ""
```

> >Under the hood both of the actions **send contact to data extension** and **send event to data extension** do the same thing, but **send contact to data extension** is set up to handle a pre defined structure of contacts being filled into a data extension, for any customization the **send event to data extension action** can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that **send contact to data extension** handles a pre-defined structure of contacts being filled into a data extension, whereas you can use **send event to data extension action** to customize event data extensions. 
```

> >For example, **contactKey** is the fixed Primary Key that will be available on **send contact to data extension** action and the same has to be created as a Primary Key in SFMC too. But the Primary Key can be set as per our requirement in the **send event to data extension** action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For example, `contactKey` is the fixed Primary Key that is available when you use **send contact to data extension** action, which you also have to create as a Primary Key in SFMC. However, the Primary Key can be set as per Segment's requirements using **send event to data extension**.
```

> ## FAQ & Troubleshooting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## FAQ and troubleshooting
```
